Add VM installation guide (#366)
osism/metalbox: README.md

# metalbox

## Deployment scenario

This guide describes installing the Metalbox on a physical server by using
the preconfigured machine image provided by OSISM. After performing the
initial downloads, the complete installation can then be executed in an
airgapped environment without any access to external sources. If for

> some reason instead you need to install the Metalbox service on an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
airgapped environment without any access to external sources. If you instead want to deploy the Metalbox service on an
```
